Linter documentation (#5)
jfleisher/bicep: docs/rules/secure-paramenter-default.md

# Secure paramenter default

**Code**: secure-paramenter-default

> **Description**: Don't provide a hard-coded default value for a secure parameter in your template. An empty string is fine for the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: Don't provide a hard-coded default value for a secure parameter in your template, unless it is empty or an expression containing a call to newGuid().
```

> You use the types SecureString or SecureObject on parameters that contain sensitive values, like passwords. When a parameter uses a secure type, the value of the parameter isn't logged or stored in the deployment history. This action prevents a malicious user from discovering the sensitive value.

Reviewer: SecureString/SecureObject aren't mentioned in bicep - instead they're string and object with @secure.

Author: Good catch. Updated.
